feat(changelog): block-storage-changed-increased-volume-capacity-to-15tb 2026-03-09 (#6265)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/march2026/2026-03-09-block-storage-changed-increased-volume-capacity-to-15tb.mdx

---
title: Increased Volume Capacity to 15TB
status: changed
date: 2026-03-09
category: storage
product: block-storage
---

> It is now possible to provision individual Block Storage volumes with up to 15TB of capacity, up from the previous limit of 10TB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now provision individual Block Storage volumes with up to 15 TB of capacity, up from the previous limit of 10 TB.
```
